Apply_for_Reserved.md, before:

# Apply for Reserved



If you would like certain accounts to be reserved for you when Flowns opens registration, please add to the form below and send pull requests. 

You will need to provide the following information:
1. the account that needs to be reserved
2. the name of the organization or individual for which the account is reserved
3. why the account needs to be reserved for them.

Please make sure:
1. the account you want to reserve is a realistic brand that already exists. 
2. there should be no obvious dispute as to who should own the account. 
3. the account is not in the [Reserved_Flowns_List](./Reserved_Flowns_List.md)

Otherwise, we will not merge your pull requests.


## First Round of Applications（Deadline 2021-11-29）


| The Flonws account | Reserved for who   | **Why it should be reserved**                                |
| --------------- | ----------------   | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| reserved.fn    | reserved.network   | The reason why      |

Commit message:

feat: add reserve account apply rule

Apply_for_Reserved.md, after:

# Apply for Reserved



If you would like certain accounts to be reserved for you when Flowns opens registration, please add to the form below and send pull requests. 

You will need to provide the following information:
1. the account that needs to be reserved
2. the name of the organization or individual for which the account is reserved
3. why the account needs to be reserved for them.

Please make sure:
1. the account you want to reserve is a realistic brand that already exists. 
2. there should be no obvious dispute as to who should own the account. 
3. the account is not in the [Reserved_Flowns_List](./Reserved_Flowns_List.md)
4. the reserve name length is lower than 5

Otherwise, we will not merge your pull requests.


## First Round of Applications（Deadline 2021-11-29）


| The Flonws account | Reserved for who   | **Why it should be reserved**                                |
| --------------- | ----------------   | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| rese.fn    | rese.network   |  The reason why      |
